# Servant
Quantum servant for web3 desktop for dapp like quantumcompiler, PySpark ML and smart contracts.

Engels: see Logical quantum processor based on reconfigurable atom arrays https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10830422/ for references
Neutral atom quantum computer architecture. 
a. Experimental layout, featuring optical tools including static SLM and 2d moving AOD traps, global and local Raman single-qubit laser beams, 420nm and 1013nm Rydberg beams, and imaging system for both global and local imaging.
b. Level structure for 87Rb atoms, with the relevant atomic transitions employed in this work.
c. Control infrastructure used for programming quantum circuits, featuring several arbitrary waveform generators (AWGs). In particular, the moving and Raman 2d AODs are each controlled by two waveforms (one for x axis and one for y axis) An additional AWG is used in first-in-first-out (FIFO) mode for rearrangement before the circuit begins, and then the moving AOD control is switched to theMoving AWG. See Ref. [30] for additional SLM and pre-circuit rearrangement details, Ref. [8] for additional Rydberg AWG details and Rydberg excitation details, Refs. [7, 62] AWGs (other than rearrangement AWG) are synchronised to < 10 ns jitter. During Rydberg gates the traps are briefly pulsed off by a TTL. The FPGA processes images from the camera real-time and in this work sends control signals to the Raman 2d AOD for local single-qubit control.
d. Example array layout featuring entangling, storage and readout zones. Zones can be directly reprogrammed and repositioned for different applications, as well as specific tweezer site locations. Tweezer beams and local Raman control are projected from out of plane. The entire objective field of view is 400 μm in diameter and, consequently, we do not expect or observe substantial tweezer deformation near the edges of our processor. During two-qubit Rydberg gates, we place atoms ≲2 μm apart within a gate site and gate sites are separated such that atoms in different gate sites are no closer than 10 μm during the gate. At our present n = 52 and two-photon Rabi frequency of 4.6 MHz, the blockade radius is roughly 4.3 μm, such that adjacent atoms are well within blockade and distant atoms are well outside blockade.
Sources: Dolev Bluvstein, Simon J. Evered, Alexandra A. Geim, Sophie H. Li, Hengyun Zhou,Tom Manovitz, Sepehr Ebadi, Madelyn Cain, Marcin Kalinowski, Dominik Hangleiter, J. Pablo Bonilla Ataides, Nishad Maskara, Iris Cong, Xun Gao, Pedro Sales Rodriguez, Thomas Karolyshyn, Giulia Semeghini, Michael J. Gullans, Markus Greiner, Vladan Vuletić and Mikhail D. Lukin
